everywhere: various clarity fixes via feedback (#69)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: intro-to-tests/practice-intro-to-pytest.md

    return True
```

> Note: Recall that the instructions are to write a function to make the test pass. :)

Reviewer: engaging super friendly mode!
```suggestion
Does this seem too basic? Recall that the instructions were to write a function _to make the test pass_. Not to fully implement the function. 😀
```

```

##### !end-tests

> ##### !hint

Reviewer: Arguably, the tests here require no more complex a solution than the previous question. If we are going to plant the TDD seed here that we really want to write the minimum code to make a test pass, but also want to encourage students to provide a real implementation here, then we should probably have both the even and odd test cases in the presented tests.

```

##### !end-tests
##### !hint

Read through the test. Determine:

- Which line is the "Arrange" step?

> - What are the "Act" and "Assert" steps?

Reviewer: For this problem, to me, the Arrange and Assert are what are combined rather than Act and Assert.
